Snova chenw/enhance chat template (#83)
sambanova/generative_data_prep: README.md

If the JSON objects in your `.jsonl` contain keywords other than **prompt** and **completion**, refer to the `prompt_keyword` and `completion_keyword` flags [below](#prompt_keyword)

### Preparing data for Chat or Instruct Models

> Many chat and instruct models require very specific formatting to input multi turn conversations for training and inference using the [tokenizer.apply_chat_template function](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/chat_templating). We support tokenizing your data in this format, to do so please prepare your data in jsonl format as specified above, and then inlcude the `--apply_chat_template` flag to automatically prepare your data in this format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many chat and instruct models require very specific formatting to input multi turn conversations for training and inference. The [tokenizer.apply_chat_template function](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/chat_templating) easily adapts your jsonl data to this format. To use this feature, prepare your data in jsonl format as specified above, and then include the `--apply_chat_template` flag to automatically prepare your data in this format.
```

Light wordsmithing - the first sentence makes it seem like using the `apply_chat_template` requires a specific formatting, when in reality - IIUC - it's the chat/instruction tuned models that require this format and this feature helps prepare your data for that.

| `attention_boundary` | str | 'jsonl' | ['jsonl', 'prompt_completion_pair'] | The boundary to use when training with --article_attention flag. If you choose prompt_completion_pair tokens will only attend to tokens in the prompt_completion_pair. If you choose jsonl, then tokens will attend to all the prompt completion pairs in the jsonl |
| `prompt_keyword` <span id="prompt_keyword"></span> | str | 'prompt' | | If your input json has a string keyword for prompt other than "prompt", place the keyword here. e.g Input_json: {"source": ... "target": ...} ->`prompt_keyword`='source'. |
| `completion_keyword` | str | 'completion' | | If your input json has a string keyword for completion other than "completion", place the  keyword here. e.g Input_json: {"source": ... "target": ...} -> --completion_keyword='target'. |

> | `apply_chat_template` | bool | False | | Whether to tokenize the data using tokenizer.apply_chat_template, to add the chatML tags. The tokenizer must have apply_chat_template defined. |

Reviewer: Few nits here:
1. Would be nice to add a little snippet on what `chatML` tags are here. I'm not sure users will all know what this means and I think it's too much info to throw into the smaller table above.
2. Not exactly sure what is meant by:
> The tokenizer must have apply_chat_template defined.

Does every new tokenizer need to implement the `apply_chat_template` base class or is there a supported list of tokenizers? A little more elaboration here would be super helpful.

3. Small formatting nit:

```suggestion
| `apply_chat_template` | bool | False | | Whether to tokenize the data using `tokenizer.apply_chat_template`, to add the chatML tags. The tokenizer must have apply_chat_template defined. |
```

> [View decoded output](tests/examples/dialogue/decoded_data_prepped_dialogue.txt)

> #### Example command with applying chat template

Author: Agree, thanks Zoli, please feel free to update it.
